This study evaluates the proposed model using public bearing data released by Case Western Reserve University (CWRU),  four subsets were developed, namely NCWRU2 and NCWRU3 for the novel fault detection experiment, and CWRU2 and CWRU3 for the fault clustering experiment. Among these subsets, NCWRU2 and CWRU2 had 2 views, while NCWRU3 and CWRU3 had 3 views. Further details can be found below:
(1)NCWRU2: In this subset, the 1st view was the bearing vibration signals collected from the DE sensor, and the 2nd view from the FE sensor. There were 3000 normal data and 3000 abnormal data respectively. The abnormal data were composed of 4 kinds of faults, each of which contained 750 samples.
(2)NCWRU3: In this subset, the vibration signals were collected at the DE sensor. Fault signals of the same kind were equally divided into samples from three views. Among them, there were 3000 normal and 3000 abnormal samples. Those abnormal samples corresponded to 4 kinds of faults each of which contained 750 samples.
(3)CWRU2: In this subset, the 1st view data were collected from the DE sensor, and the 2nd view data from the FE sensor. Each view contained 5 classes (including one health condition), and each class contained 3000 samples.
(4)CWRU3: In this subset, all three-view data were collected from the FE sensor. Each view contained 15,000 samples consisting of 5 conditions in equal parts.
Due to the dataset exceeding GitHub's maximum capacity limit, it has been hosted on Baidu Pan for permanent access. Below is the link and extraction code:
Link: https://pan.baidu.com/s/1mFeNje6WUJ0atycV50IJDQ
Extraction Code: SH00
